pagead2.googlesyndication.com - blocked
pagead2.googleadservices.com - blocked
afs.googlesyndication.com - blocked
stats.g.doubleclick.net - blocked
ad.doubleclick.net - blocked
static.doubleclick.net - blocked
m.doubleclick.net - blocked
mediavisor.doubleclick.net - blocked
static.media.net - blocked
media.net - blocked
adservetx.media.net - blocked
google-analytics.com - blocked
ssl.google-analytics.com - blocked
adm.hotjar.com - blocked
identify.hotjar.com - blocked
insights.hotjar.com - blocked
script.hotjar.com - blocked
surveys.hotjar.com - blocked
careers.hotjar.com - blocked
events.hotjar.io - blocked
mouseflow.com - blocked
api.mouseflow.com - blocked
tools.mouseflow.com - blocked
cdn-test.mouseflow.com - blocked
freshmarketer.com
claritybt.freshmarketer.com
fwtracks.freshmarketer.com
luckyorange.com
api.luckyorange.com
realtime.luckyorange.com
cdn.luckyorange.com
w1.luckyorange.com
upload.luckyorange.net
cs.luckyorange.net
settings.luckyorange.net
stats.wp.com
notify.bugsnag.com
sessions.bugsnag.com
api.bugsnag.com
app.bugsnag.com
adtago.s3.amazonaws.com
adservice.google.com
adc3-launch.adcolony.com
events3alt.adcolony.com
wd.adcolony.com
analytics.google.com
click.googleanalytics.com
browser.sentry-cdn.com
app.getsentry.com
pixel.facebook.com - blocked
an.facebook.com - blocked
static.ads-twitter.com - blocked
ads-api.twitter.com
ads.linkedin.com
analytics.pointdrive.linkedin.com
ads.pinterest.com
log.pinterest.com
analytics.pinterest.com
ads30.adcolony.com
trk.pinterest.com
events.reddit.com - blocked
ads-api.tiktok.com - blocked
events.redditmedia.com
ads.youtube.com
analytics.tiktok.com - blocked
ads-sg.tiktok.com - blocked
analytics-sg.tiktok.com - blocked
business-api.tiktok.com - blocked
ads.tiktok.com - blocked
ads.yahoo.com - blocked
analytics.yahoo.com - blocked
geo.yahoo.com - blocked
udc.yahoo.com - blocked
udcm.yahoo.com - blocked
advertising.yahoo.com - blocked
analytics.query.yahoo.com - blocked
partnerads.ysm.yahoo.com - blocked
log.fc.yahoo.com - blocked
gemini.yahoo.com - blocked
appmetrica.yandex.ru - blocked
adfstat.yandex.ru - blocked
metrika.yandex.ru - blocked
advertising.yandex.ru - blocked
adtech.yahooinc.com
extmaps-api.yandex.net
adfox.yandex.ru - blocked
api.ad.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.india.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.rus.xiaomi.com
sdkconfig.ad.xiaomi.com
metrics.data.hicloud.com
metrics2.data.hicloud.com
logservice.hicloud.com
logservice1.hicloud.com
logbak.hicloud.com
advertising-api-eu.amazon.com
click.oneplus.cn - blocked
open.oneplus.net
samsungads.com
smetrics.samsung.com - blocked
nmetrics.samsung.com
samsung-com.112.2o7.net - blocked
analytics-api.samsunghealthcn.com
metrics.icloud.com
metrics.apple.com
metrics.mzstatic.com
books-analytics-events.apple.com
weather-analytics-events.apple.com
notes-analytics-events.apple.com
analyticsengine.s3.amazonaws.com
advice-ads.s3.amazonaws.com
analytics.s3.amazonaws.com
app-measurement.com
sdkconfig.ad.intl.xiaomi.com
globalapi.ad.xiaomi.com
tracking.rus.miui.com
adx.ads.oppomobile.com
widgets.pinterest.com
iot-eu-logser.realme.com
log.byteoversea.com
iadsdk.apple.com
tr.iadsdk.apple.com
adserver.unityads.unity3d.com
grs.hicloud.com
auction.unityads.unity3d.com
webview.unityads.unity3d.com
config.unityads.unity3d.com
iot-logser.realme.com
offerwall.yandex.net
api-adservices.apple.com
bdapi-in-ads.realmemobile.com
ck.ads.oppomobile.com
advertising.apple.com
data.ads.oppomobile.com
adsfs.oppomobile.com
bdapi-ads.realmemobile.com 
